Tech review: document font-palette animation and palette-mix() (#32379)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/font-palette/index.md

}
```

### Animating between two palettes

> This example illustrates how `font-palette` values can be animated between to create a smooth font animation.

Author: Yours is much better. Committing!

#### HTML

> We'll start off with a simple paragraph of text to animate:

Author: Agree about dropping "simple", but I ended up doing something slightly different:

> The HTML contains a single paragraph of text to animate:

```html
<p>color-palette<br />animation</p>
```

#### CSS

> In the CSS, we import a color font from Google Fonts, and define two custom `font-palette` values using the {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} at-rule. We then create {{cssxref("@keyframes")}} that animate between these two palettes, and apply this animation to our paragraph. Non-supporting browsers flip between the two palettes without animation.

Author: OK, so good points here. I have

* Added the links that you suggest to provide background info about Nabla and color fonts.
* Changed the "Non-supporting" sentence to"
  > **Note:** Browsers that still implement `discrete` `font-palette` animation will flip between the two palettes rather than smoothly animating.

I will also:

* Update the corresponding BCD to say that Chrome 121 supports animation by computed value, not just animation full stop.
* Update the data repo to correct this issue in the formal definition.

> In the CSS, we import a color font from Google Fonts, and define two custom `font-palette` values using the {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} at-rule. We then create {{cssxref("@keyframes")}} that animate between these two palettes, and apply this animation to our paragraph. Non-supporting browsers flip between the two palettes without animation.

Author: data repo update done: https://github.com/mdn/data/pull/716

```css
@import url("https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Nabla&display=swap");

@font-palette-values --blue {
  font-family: Nabla;
  base-palette: 2;
}

@font-palette-values --yellow {
  font-family: Nabla;
  base-palette: 7;
}

@keyframes animate-palette {
  from {
    font-palette: --yellow;
  }

  to {
    font-palette: --blue;

>   }

Author: I think your update of the value names, combined with the explanatory comments makes this much better. Beyond that, I don't think too much more is needed. We are trying to explain the animation of `font-palette`, not the design of the Nabla font. I'm also going to include the updated text you suggested earlier that links to the pages about Nabla and color fonts.

}

p {
  font-family: "Nabla";
  font-size: 5rem;
  margin: 0;
  text-align: center;
  animation: animate-palette 2s infinite alternate linear;
}
```

#### Result

> The output looks like this:
> 
> {{EmbedLiveSample("Animating between two palettes", "100%", 300)}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{EmbedLiveSample("Animating between two palettes", "100%", 300)}}

In browsers that support animating `font-palette` by computed value, the  letters will smoothly animated between yellow and blue gradients.
```

this way we're not saying browsers don't support animation if it's abrupt. Rather, that the support is correct and by computed value if smooth

Author: My note should have taken care of this.

```html
<p>color-palette<br />animation</p>
```

#### CSS

In the CSS, we import a [color font](https://www.colorfonts.wtf/) called [Nabla](https://nabla.typearture.com/) from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/?coloronly=true), and define two custom `font-palette` values using the {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} at-rule. We then create {{cssxref("@keyframes")}} that animate between these two palettes, and apply this animation to our paragraph.

```css
@import url("https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Nabla&display=swap");

@font-palette-values --blueNabla {
  font-family: Nabla;
  base-palette: 2; /* this is Nabla's blue palette */
}

@font-palette-values --yellowNabla {
  font-family: Nabla;
  base-palette: 7; /* this is Nabla's yellow palette */
}

@keyframes animate-palette {
  from {
    font-palette: --yellowNabla;
  }

  to {
    font-palette: --blueNabla;
  }
}

p {
  font-family: "Nabla";
  font-size: 5rem;
  margin: 0;
  text-align: center;
  animation: animate-palette 2s infinite alternate linear;
}
```

#### Result

The output looks like this:

{{EmbedLiveSample("Animating between two palettes", "100%", 300)}}

> > **Note:** Browsers that still implement `discrete` `font-palette` animation will flip between the two palettes rather than smoothly animating.

Reviewer: There's an issue here, and I am not sure how to address it. The `{{cssinfo}}` is pulling in that the animation is `discrete`, but the spec says `by computed value`. Can we push an update so `{{cssinfo}}` is reflective of current spec status?

Author: I've filed a PR to fix it: https://github.com/mdn/data/pull/716
